have more followers and if you are a lover
of photography and a fanatic besides
the buses could be a good candidate
to listen well to a bus or what
Find out how good is the
museology in the following note
the weekends are reserved in
the berni agenda
Gerardo
and jean-pierre
the main theme of their meeting the
buses
in all sizes shape style and color
domestic and foreign
they have been elaborated imitating each
Detail of the original models
and is that these friends claim to be
passionate about everything related to this
means of transportation and that's why they are
call divers logos
a logo museum is that person who
investigates studies and collects everything
related to buses
It has been a hobby that has come
taking a boom lately because in
the personal thing I started in 2008 and we were
about 20
but then he has come there as a
important growth boom of
pastime and right now without saying a
exact number but if there has to be
about 500 true maybe more
even and as they say for all people
of each hobby brings together precisely
the adepts to collect some kind of
things in the case of biologists
precisely because it is that feeling that
taste is like a passion for everything
it has to do with the buses
but I paid attention because to be
diver then there is a requirement
indispensable the camera
it is necessary to capture how much busse
appear especially those that do not
they are still part of the collection
and is that among the three friends already have
more than one hundred thousand bus photos
amount they can not carry all
the meetings but they are aware of
the most recent
every so often we put in
agreement we go out we agree
among friends and we went out to take
photographs sometimes we make excursions
We go to different places in the country and
we carry cell flames cameras no
can miss the camera can not miss
that is too important apart from
we always carry the same
Our authors scale photographs
albums all
beautiful logo is something that you learn
but that is also carried in the blood
Greens Gerardo and Jean Pierre started in
his passion since children
they are nine small
one saw the buses on the street and the
I called a lot of attention I liked them
I wanted to ride on all the buses
so to say no, that was very
beautiful
buzz is the scale
Photography
and a great friendship that's what
share this group of biologists
a particular activity that also
develops in our country who is
unite more lovers of the buses every day
well for them behind each unit
There is a story to tell
we were